It's in English, too.
Ok.
So then what you review is to open 12 windows that way and stay connected while the presentation is being made.
At the end of the presentation each of those 12 windows download.
The corresponding subtitle which is a txt ficherito, no, as far as I have seen.
The transcript.
And those 12 transcripts. I guess we'd have to check the Tex Tos. I guess or so. No.
Those 12 transcripts go out to the stream part.
And once we're there, take the video and load the 12 files with the 11 hand because the English. You don't need subtitling. The 11 files with the 11 transcripts.
It allows steam to configure each file you upload to it by associating the language to which it corresponds.
And when that was made that same recording with those 11 files loaded.
It could be published so that each user when playing can select the captioning on which they want to view it.
Is that it.
Yes.
Uh.
I'm reading in the easy part. Apart from the English to see how he's translating it for me.
Siri.